
# go.Binding
* new go.Binding("location", "loc", go.Point.parse).makeTwoWay(go.Point.stringify);
第二参数为模型里的变量名称，可改成其它名称 var nodeDataArray = [{key:"TEST", loc:new go.Point(0, 0)}];
第三参数为function(location), 在第一个参数值发生变化时执行, 需要返回po.Point对象

makeTwoWay会改变loc的值，不加的话不会.
相当于是参数
function fromLocation(loc, data, model) {
    model.setDataProperty(data, "x", loc.x);
    model.setDataProperty(data, "y", loc.y);
    
	return loc;
}


# GraphLinksModel
Model GraphLinksModel

```
 model.nodeDataArray = [
   { key: "Alpha" },
   { key: "Beta" }
 ];
 model.linkDataArray = [
   { from: "Alpha", to: "Beta" }
 ];

```

GraphLinksModels support links between nodes and grouping nodes and links into subgraphs. 
GraphLinksModels hold node data and link data in separate arrays.
Node data is normally represented in a Diagram by instances of Node, but they could be represented by simple Parts or by Groups. 
Link data should be represented by instances of Link.

```
 model.nodeDataArray = [
   { key: "Group1", isGroup: true},
   { key: "Alpha", group: "Group1" },
   { key: "Beta", group: "Group1" },
   { key: "Gamma" }
 ];
 model.linkDataArray = [
   { from: "Alpha", to: "Beta" },
   { from: "Group1", to: "Gamma" }
 ];
```
distinguishing:区分; 辨别
GraphLinksModels also support distinguishing the "port" element of a node to which a link can connect, at either end of the link.
This identification is a string that names the "port" element in the node. However, you need to set the linkFromPortIdProperty and/or linkToPortIdProperty properties before the model is able to get the "port id" information from the link data.

```
 model.linkFromPortIdProperty = "fromPort";  // necessary to remember portIds
 model.linkToPortIdProperty = "toPort";
 model.nodeDataArray = [
   { key: 1, constant: 5 },  // a constant input node
   { key: 2, constant: 2 },  // another constant node
   { key: 3, operation: "subtract" },
   { key: 4, value: 3 }  // the output node
 ];
 model.linkDataArray = [
   { from: 1, to: 3, toPort: "subtrahend" },
   { from: 2, to: 3, toPort: "minuend" },
   { from: 3, to: 4, fromPort: "difference" }
 ];
```

Geometry : 美[dʒiˈɑːmətri] metry : 测量
Coordinate:美[koʊˈɔːrdɪneɪt , koʊˈɔːrdɪnət]
furthermore 此外
# Coordinate Systems
A Diagram uses two major coordinate systems when drawing Parts: document and view coordinates. Furthermore each Panel within a Part has its own coordinate system that its elements use.




































